process in instructions like comments which we looked at in the last video can be placed
anywhere within an XML document in the prologue or anywhere within the Intel Ament,
and they achieve a similar objective to comments.
They're not part of the XML structure.
However,
where comments are designed for humans process in instructions a design for systems.
They provide a mechanism for XML developers to insert within the XML structure instructions
which will only be noted by the systems process in the XML.
Generically speaking,
this is how processing instructions written.
We have the left angle bracket with a question mark and to close behind the question mark
with a right angle bracket.
Inside,
we have what's referred to as a target,
which is essentially the name of the process in instruction.
And then we have the content,
the actual instructions,
the most common form of content,
his attributes and values.
So we have attribute one equals value.
One attribute to equals value to and so forth.
By far the most widely used process and instruction is the one which links an XML file to
an excess lt style sheet,
and this is the only process in instruction that will be used enduring this course,
this is what the command looks like.
The target is xsl style sheet,
and then the content consists of two attributes.
The type attributes,
which has to be text stroke xsl,
and the eight ref attribute,
which specifies the location off the excess lt style sheet.
Let's get some practice on implement in processing instruction in zero to XML Essentials.
Let's open up number eight processing instructions and here we have an XML file with an
excess lt style sheet.
Let's open up the XML.
First of all,
you'll see that it contains the root element called branches and inside that we have a
child element called Branch,
whose first child element is branch manager.
And if I close up the first branch element by clicking on the collapse like on here,
you'll see that the second Branch element also has a first child called branch manager.
On what our excess lt style sheet does is to grab all of these branch manager elements and
their child elements into a new output structure.
It ignores everything that follows the branch manager,
everything that's inside departments.
It just ignores that if you'd like to have a peek at the xsl file.
You'll see that in excess sanity style sheet is essentially an XML document with the roots
element called xsl style sheet,
and then it has a couple of template elements which dictate the output that we're gonna
create.
So this is the line where the bosses element is created.
This is the output root element.
And then he we've got an instruction to look for,
although branch elements.
And each time we find one do whatever these template tells us to on what the template tells
us to do is to create a boss element,
and inside it place all the child elements,
the branch manager.
So it's not place in branch Manager itself that's being replaced by the boss element,
its place in the Children of the branch manager element.
So that's how a style she works.
And what we now want to do is to link the XML file to that style feet.
I said earlier that process and instructions gonna be placed either in the pro lock or
anywhere else in the document.
The XML style sheet processing instruction has to go inside the prologue.
Naturally,
it can't proceed.
The XML declaration.
That has to be the first thing in the prologue.
So the syntax less Stan question mark and then it closes with question mark greater than on
between these two d limiters.
We start with the target,
which is XML hyphen style Street.
And then we have our two attributes type and a dress,
and these could go in any order.
So time has to be text stroke xsl on an eight ref because the excess lt file is in the same
folder as the XML file Weaken.
Simply put,
it's name put.
His branches don't access.
So and that's it.
Let's say about changes.
We've now created a link between the style sheet on this XML document.
So to test that our link is working,
let's go to a website which provides online xsl transformations.
So,
in the same folder,
just open up on my transformation dot txt and copy that you are l into your favorite
browser and this is a very useful website completely free for doing online transformations
.
So if you do end up using it quite extensively,
I strongly recommend that you consider donating to the owners of the Web site so they can
keep it open.
Let's copy all of our XML so that all on copy.
And then we paste that into the XML box and we do the same for the xsl.
And the xsl goes into the box marked xsl brackets fo I went to do the transformation.
You simply click on the button marked transform and insert generated fo below.
At the moment,
our style sheet contains no effort,
and here's our output.
That's just copy it into an XML document.
So I'm just going to right click choose new text document and replace dot txt with dot XML
.
This is called it outputs.
Yes,
I do want to replace the file extension,
and then we can just open that and paste,
you know,
output so we can see.
Here's the close intact for our route bosses element.
That's the oven intact.
That man is begins.
Each of our branch manager elements has created an element called Boss with the original
child elements inside it.
So,
as I say,
this is the only process in instruction that will need your in this course.
But that's just a quick look at how process and instructions work and a sneak peek at what
will be covering in the next section when we talk about excess.
Lt style sheets